README.markdown, before:

Provides several automated refactorings of clojure code.
Use with a test suite and some manual
checking.

Available refactorings
----------------------

Thread-last - threads the current expression via ->>

Thread-first - threads the current expression via ->

Unthread - unthreads the current expression. TODO: this only works with ->>

Extract-fn - extracts the current expression and replaces it with a
call to it.
Extract global - defines the current expression as a global var for
this namespace (using def).

Rename-binding - select a block, then replace all instances of
old-name with new-name.
Emacs dependancies
---
Slime, a running clojure connection, paredit, and thing at point.

Usage
---

Bind a key to clojure-refactoring-ido, and make sure you select
what you want to operate on first.

Example keybinding:
    (global-set-key (kbd "s-e") 'clojure-refactoring-ido)

Eval the file clojure-refactoring-mode.el inside emacs.
TODO: this should be a minor-mode.
TODO: provide a default binding for clojure-refactoring-ido

NOTE: Very alpha, has some breakages. Report any problems via Github issues.

Installation
---

Add a dev-dependancies to your lein/swank enabled project, then run
`lein deps`

For example (inside project.clj)
    :dev-dependencies [[leiningen/lein-swank "1.0.0-SNAPSHOT"]
                       [clojure_refactoring "0.1.1"]]

Hacking Philosophy
--------------------
- Wherever possible, have a reverse of each refactoring.
- Refactoring should be quick
- Refactoring names should correspond to ones from OO languages.

Known bugs
---
- Breaks if there are any \n newlines inside refactored code.

License
---
Copyright (C) 2009 Tom Crayford.

Commit message:

added extract-local to the readme

README.markdown, after:

Provides several automated refactorings of clojure code.
Use with a test suite and some manual
checking.

Available refactorings
----------------------

Thread-last - threads the current expression via `->>`

Thread-first - threads the current expression via `->`

Unthread - unthreads the current expression. TODO: this only works with `->>`

Extract-fn - extracts the current expression and replaces it with a
call to it.
Extract global - defines the current expression as a global var for
this namespace (using `def`).

Rename-binding - select a block, then replace all instances of
old-name with new-name.

Extract local - defines the current expression as a local variable for
the current function definition.

Emacs dependancies
---
Slime, a running clojure connection, paredit, and thing at point.

Usage
---

Bind a key to clojure-refactoring-ido, and make sure you select
what you want to operate on first.

Example keybinding:
    (global-set-key (kbd "s-e") 'clojure-refactoring-ido)

Eval the file clojure-refactoring-mode.el inside emacs.
TODO: this should be a minor-mode.
TODO: provide a default binding for clojure-refactoring-ido

NOTE: Very alpha, has some breakages. Report any problems via Github issues.

Installation
---

Add a dev-dependancies to your lein/swank enabled project, then run
`lein deps`

For example (inside project.clj)
    :dev-dependencies [[leiningen/lein-swank "1.0.0-SNAPSHOT"]
                       [clojure_refactoring "0.1.3"]]

Hacking Philosophy
--------------------
- Wherever possible, have a reverse of each refactoring.
- Refactoring should be quick
- Refactoring names should correspond to ones from OO languages.

Known bugs
---
- Breaks if there are any \n newlines inside refactored code.

License
---
Copyright (C) 2009 Tom Crayford.
